Don’t worry about what other people fucking think. Intuition is fucking important. Form follows fucking function. Form follows fucking function. Sometimes it is appropriate to place various typographic elements on the outside of the fucking left margin of text to maintain a strong vertical axis. This practice is referred to as exdenting and is most often used with bullets and quotations. When you sit down to work, external critics aren’t the enemy. It’s you who you must to fight against to do great fucking work. You must overcome yourself.

Creativity is a fucking work-ethic. You are not your fucking work. You are not your fucking work. Dedicate yourself to lifelong fucking learning. You are not your fucking work. Practice won’t get you anywhere if you mindlessly fucking practice the same thing. Change only occurs when you work deliberately with purpose toward a goal. Creativity is a fucking work-ethic. While having drinks with Tibor Kalman one night, he told me, “When you make something no one hates, no one fucking loves it.”

When you design, you have to draw on your own fucking life experiences. If it’s not something you would want to read/look at/use then why fucking bother? Your rapidograph pens are fucking dried up, the x-acto blades in your bag are rusty, and your mind is dull. Stop clicking your mouse, get messy, go back to the basics and make something fucking original. Think about all the fucking possibilities. Never, never assume that what you have achieved is fucking good enough. The graphic designer’s first fucking consideration is always the size and shape of the format, whether for the printed page or for digital display.

You are not your fucking work. Never, never assume that what you have achieved is fucking good enough. Never, never assume that what you have achieved is fucking good enough. If you’re not being fucking honest with yourself how could you ever hope to communicate something meaningful to someone else? Can we all just agree as the greater design community to stop fucking talking about Comic Sans altogether? It’s getting fucking old. When you sit down to work, external critics aren’t the enemy. It’s you who you must to fight against to do great fucking work. You must overcome yourself. Must-do is a good fucking master. Someday is not a fucking day of the week.

Dedicate yourself to lifelong fucking learning. Don’t fucking lie to yourself. Design as if your fucking life depended on it. Why are you fucking reading all of this? Get back to work. Learn from fucking criticism. Respect your fucking craft. To surpass others is fucking tough, if you only do as you are told you don’t have it in you to succeed. You need to sit down and sketch more fucking ideas because stalking your ex on facebook isn’t going to get you anywhere.

The details are not the details. They make the fucking design. Why are you fucking reading all of this? Get back to work. You need to sit down and sketch more fucking ideas because stalking your ex on facebook isn’t going to get you anywhere. If you’re not being fucking honest with yourself how could you ever hope to communicate something meaningful to someone else? Design as if your fucking life depended on it. Can we all just agree as the greater design community to stop fucking talking about Comic Sans altogether? It’s getting fucking old. Use your fucking hands. Creativity is a fucking work-ethic.

Why are you fucking reading all of this? Get back to work. Can we all just agree as the greater design community to stop fucking talking about Comic Sans altogether? It’s getting fucking old. Think about all the fucking possibilities. Don’t get hung up on things that don’t fucking work. Your rapidograph pens are fucking dried up, the x-acto blades in your bag are rusty, and your mind is dull. Stop clicking your mouse, get messy, go back to the basics and make something fucking original. Fuck.


Fuck.
